README.md, before:

![The more you node](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-2OoNYJvLvUE/UXBI2YH1FHI/AAAAAAAAYqQ/uuvTgt1OYQs/s640/themoreyounode.jpg)
# Toronode!

This is the **nodeschool** chapter for [Toronto, ON Canada](https://www.google.com/maps?q=toronto&es_sm=91&um=1&ie=UTF-8&sa=X&ei=iv0jVfCBHIimgwTOgYPwBw&ved=0CAgQ_AUoAg).

# Do u kno node?

If you do node and want to help teach or contribute in anyway, make a [Pull Request](https://github.com/nodeschool/toronto/pulls) and add your name to the list below with relevant contact details; And/or contact [@rmillr](http://github.com/rmillr) for further information. **We can teach the things!**

[http://nodeschool.io/toronto/](http://nodeschool.io/toronto/)

# Interested Peeps

- Darcy Clarke: [@darcyclarke](http://github.com/darcyclarke)
- Rich Gilbank: [@richgilbank](http://github.com/richgilbank)
- Jeff Jewiss: [@jeffjewiss](http://github.com/jeffjewiss)
- Brenna O'Brien [@brenna](http://github.com/brenna)
- Laura DeGroot [@lauradegroot](http://github.com/lauradegroot)
- Chris Mendis [@chrismendis](http://github.com/chrismendis)
- Andrew D'Amelio [@andrewdamelio](http://github.com/andrewdamelio)
- Wisam Zaghal [@wzaghal](http://github.com/wzaghal)
- Mohamad Atie [@mohamadatieh](https://github.com/MohamadAtieh)
- Ahmad Nassri [@AhmadNassri](https://github.com/ahmadnassri)
- Ryan Christiani [@rchristiani](https://github.com/Rchristiani)

Commit message:

Rearrange and add relevant info
Made some changes/additions to the readme to reflect the other properties we now have going (ie. the newsletter, website and event listing). Also added the NodeSchool Toronto Badge and @tessalt / @vladikoff to the Mentors list (feel free to remove yourselves or reach out to me if you'd rather not be listed as mentors)

README.md, after:

![NodeSchool Toronto Logo](http://nodeschool.io/toronto/i/nodeschool-toronto-logo.svg)

# [Toronto](https://www.google.com/maps?q=toronto&es_sm=91&um=1&ie=UTF-8&sa=X&ei=iv0jVfCBHIimgwTOgYPwBw&ved=0CAgQ_AUoAg) NodeSchool Chapter

### Attendees

Check out our [website](http://nodeschool.io/toronto/), [event listing](https://ti.to/nodeschool-toronto) or sign up to our [newsletter](http://nodeschool.us11.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=62145c918d78960a0c95987c2&id=ec5cf6637f) for information on future events and other news.

### Mentors

If you want to help teach or contribute in anyway, make a [Pull Request](https://github.com/nodeschool/toronto/pulls) and add your name to the list below with relevant contact details; And/or contact [@rmillr](http://github.com/rmillr) or [@jeffjewiss](http://github.com/jeffjewiss) for further information. 

- Ricky Miller: [@rmillr](http://github.com/rmillr)
- Jeff Jewiss: [@jeffjewiss](http://github.com/jeffjewiss)
- Brenna O'Brien [@brenna](http://github.com/brenna)
- Darcy Clarke: [@darcyclarke](http://github.com/darcyclarke)
- Rich Gilbank: [@richgilbank](http://github.com/richgilbank)
- Andrew D'Amelio [@andrewdamelio](http://github.com/andrewdamelio)
- Tessa Thornton [@tessalt](http://github.com/tessalt)
- Laura DeGroot [@lauradegroot](http://github.com/lauradegroot)
- Chris Mendis [@chrismendis](http://github.com/chrismendis)
- Wisam Zaghal [@wzaghal](http://github.com/wzaghal)
- Mohamad Atie [@mohamadatieh](https://github.com/MohamadAtieh)
- Ahmad Nassri [@AhmadNassri](https://github.com/ahmadnassri)
- Ryan Christiani [@rchristiani](https://github.com/Rchristiani)
- Vlad Filippov [@vladikoff](http://github.com/vladikoff)

### Code of Conduct 

Please read our [code of conduct](http://confcodeofconduct.com/) before contributing to or attending one of our events.

### Do u kno node?

![The more you node](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-2OoNYJvLvUE/UXBI2YH1FHI/AAAAAAAAYqQ/uuvTgt1OYQs/s640/themoreyounode.jpg)
